.ig
dev-scripts - dev-scripts
Copyright (C) Oktober 2014 by Simon Arjuna Erat, < erat D0T simon AT gmail D0T com >
.. ....................................................

.TH "dev-scripts" 1 "2014-10-28" "Developer Scripts - Version 0.3"


.SH NAME
dev-scripts \- Is a little project manager and assistant for developers and package maintainers


.SH SYNOPSIS
.SY ds
.OP sections ... 
.RI task .\|.\|.
.OP options-to-task ...
.br
.IP \fBExamples:\fP
.B ds
setup
.br
.B ds
make
.I PROJECTLABEL
.br
.B ds
.I prj 
edit
.I PROJECTLABEL
.br
.B ds
.I prj rpm
make
.I PROJECTLABEL


.SH DESCRIPTION
These
.B Developer-Scripts
are the results of several scripts of which each just accomplishes a single task.
.br
But since they all refer to the very same configuration files, it attempts to reduce required interaction and should ease the initial effort to get the first usable files.
.br

In the end,
.B ds make PROJECTLABEL
should do the following tasks (if applicable) with your project:
.PP
* Compile code to binary
.br
* Code upload, stop for interaction if required
.br
* Package it to: rpm
.br
* Create a rpm Repositry
.br


.SH FILES
.PP
.IP ~/.config/dev-scripts/dev-scripts.conf
Provides some basic location variables: DIR_PRJS DIR_BASE DIR_CFG
.IP ~/.config/dev-scripts/git.conf
Provides the provider and git-user name.
.IP ~/.config/dev-scripts/ssh.conf
Provides the default values for ssh. 
.B Attention
the password will be stored in plaintext.
.IP ~/.config/dev-scripts/prjs/<PROJECTLABEL>
.RS 4
.IP ./PROJECTLABEL.conf
Provides the projects name, path and whether or not it is a FAS project.
.br
Also GIT will retrieve its
.B git_name
from it.
.IP ./rpm.conf
Provides the projects specfile and default builddir.



.SH SEEALSO
.B gcc
(1),
.B git
(1),
.B man
(1),
.B rpmbuild
(8),
.B rpmlint
(1),
.B ssh
(1),
.B tui
(1),



.SH LICENSE
GNU General Public License (GPL)
.br
http://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html


.SH "KNOW BUGS"
.IP "item 1"
.br
text of item 1
.IP "item 2"
.br
text of item 2


.SH BUGREPORTS
Please visit "" to report bugs


.SH AUTHORS
Simon Arjuna Erat, < erat D0T simon AT gmail D0T com >
.br
Initial template
.br

